Hi, Movie Recaps here.
Today I will show you a horror film from 2009,
titled Jennifer's Body.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
The movie begins inside a prison, where inmate
Anita "Needy" Lesnicki receives tons of letters
and gifts from people concerned about her
sanity.
Among all this stuff there's a picture of
a boy, Chip Dove, that she keeps near her
bed.
During lunch, she attacks a doctor that wants
her to improve her diet, so Needy is taken
to solitary confinement, where she starts
telling us her story through flashbacks.
It's two months ago.
Needy lives in Devil's Kettle, Minnesota.
The name comes from a local waterfall that
goes into a hole but doesn't come out, researchers
have thrown many things in there, like balls,
but nothing has ever resurfaced.
The boy from the picture, Chip, is Needy's
boyfriend.
She's also got a best friend, Jennifer Check,
who is a cheerleader and considered a "babe".
People can't believe she is friends with a
dork like Needy, but they've known each other
since childhood.
Some students even tease Needy, saying she's
gay for Jennifer.
One day, Jennifer asks Needy to come with
her to a bar to attend a concert by indie
rock band Low Shoulder, which she's been following
on MySpace because she likes the singer.
Needy says she already had plans with Chip,
which Jennifer disapproves of, so she pressures
Needy into changing her mind.
Needy gives in and agrees to be picked up
later.
In the evening, Needy changes into an outfit
Jennifer would approve of while hanging out
in her room with Chip, who says it's weird
Needy can tell the moment Jennifer arrives
without looking outside or even hearing a
doorbell.
He also points out Needy is always doing whatever
Jennifer tells her to do, which Needy disagrees
with: she says they just happen to do the
same activities because they have tons of
things in common.
Chip thinks it's exactly the opposite, he
claims they have nothing in common.
They go downstairs and find Jennifer already
waiting inside the house; she calls Chip jealous
for criticizing the dive bar they'll be going
to.
When the girls make it to the bar, we see
Chip is right about it not being a club.
There are other students there as well, like
Craig, a football player that tries to hit
on Jennifer and is quickly dismissed; and
Ahmet from India, an exchange student.
When the band arrives at the stage, Jennifer
mentions they're definitely from the city
and wishes there were more stylish guys like
them in their little town.
She grabs Needy and drags her with her to
meet the band, and they get to chat with the
lead singer, Nikolai Wolf.
Needy asks him why a city band like them is
playing in the middle of nowhere and Nikolai
says it's because it's important to connect
with fans even in horrible places.
Needy doesn't like this answer, but Jennifer
doesn't care: she offers to buy him a drink,
which he accepts.
While Jennifer goes to make the order, Needy
entertains herself by playing with the pinball
machine and ends up overhearing Nikolai talk
to his band members.
He's telling his bassist that Jennifer is
what they need because she is obviously a
virgin; Needy interrupts them to defend her
best friend's honor and calls him a creep.
Then she goes back to Jennifer to tell her
about this conversation, but she only finds
offense in the fact they thought she was a
virgin, which isn't true.
The concert starts shortly afterward, during
which Jennifer holds Needy's hand.
Needy's attention isn't on the music though,
she notices a spontaneous fire starting in
a corner of the bar and quickly spreading.
Soon the flames are engulfing the entire place,
and while people run away or die crushed,
Needy grabs a shocked Jennifer and takes her
to the bathroom, where they escape through
the window.
Nikolai finds them outside, not looking too
bothered by the tragedy, and he gives Jennifer
his drink before inviting her to join the
band in his van.
Jennifer accepts despite Needy's protests.
Needy goes back to her house and calls Chip
to tell him what happened while crying in
fear and worry.
Suddenly someone rings the doorbell, so Needy
asks Chip to stay in the line while she goes
to see who it is.
It turns out there's nobody at the door, so
Needy hangs up and returns inside, where she
hears some noises.
When she enters the kitchen she's startled
by Jennifer, who is covered in blood and has
a glassy look in her eyes.
She smiles with her teeth covered in blood
as well before going to the fridge and taking
a chicken that she starts eating like an animal.
When Needy tries to stop her, she hollers
at her with a monster-like sound, then she
vomits a trail of black, spiny fluid.
Worried, Needy leaves the kitchen to find
her phone and call for help, but Jennifer
instantly appears in front of her and pushes
her against the wall as she touches her inappropriately.
Jennifer is about to bite her neck but suddenly
changes her mind, so she pulls away and leaves
the house.
Needy spends the whole night cleaning the
kitchen floor.
The next morning, Needy is still in shock
at school while remembering the promise she
made to Jennifer when they were little kids:
she would never tell on her.
When Jennifer arrives at class, she acts as
if nothing weird had happened and is very
apathetic about the bar tragedy.
Their teacher, Mr. Wroblewski, gives a touching
speech about the loss of their classmates,
to which football captain Jonas Kozelle cries
to but Jennifer only keeps callously commenting
on.
After class, everyone in school is grieving,
and all extra activities have been suspended.
Needy tries to tell Chip about Jennifer, but
he thinks it's the grief talking and that
she should see a shrink.
Their chat is interrupted by Colin Gray, an
emo friend of Needy who tells her he's glad
to see she came out of the bar ok.
Meanwhile, Jennifer approaches Jonas, who
was best friends with Craig and is deeply
hurt by his death.
Jennifer tells him she was the last person
to ever talk to Craig and that his last wish
was for her and Jonas to be a couple.
Jonas accepts to go with her into the woods,
where they start making out, but he keeps
being distracted by the fact Jennifer feels
very warm and a bunch of animals is now surrounding
them.
Jennifer gets his attention back by touching
him intimately, she also tells him he'll reunite
with Craig soon before opening her mouth in
a demonic shape to eat him.
In the parking lot, Mr. Wroblewski hears Jonas
screaming and thinks he's just crying with
grief, but he soon catches on and enters the
forest to see what's going on.
He finds Jonas' body being eaten by a deer.
The police pick up the body a couple of hours
later, and Jonas' dad promises he'll find
and destroy his son's murderer.
At her house, Needy is cooking while listening
to the news on the radio saying Low Shoulder
has become heroes after the fire.
Her mother enters the kitchen then and tells
her she dreamed of Needy being nailed to a
tree, expressing worry over one day not being
able to be there for her daughter.
Later on, after bathing in the lake, Jennifer
calls Needy to tell her she's having a great
day, and we see her burn her tongue without
pain.
But Needy hangs up on her after Chip calls
her and asks her to see her at the park.
When they meet, Chip tells her about Jonas'
death, so Needy keeps him company to comfort
him.
Days continue to pass and the school keeps
on mourning, except for Jennifer, who is as
peppy as always.
Their little town has become famous around
the country, and the press couldn't get enough
of their drama.
The song that Low Shoulder played the night
of the fire becomes a hit nationwide and almost
an anthem in town.
A month after the tragedy, Mr. Wroblewski
tells his class that the band has accepted
to come and play at the school's spring formal
for free, they'll also be donating some of
the profits of their new single to the families
affected by the fire.
Needy thinks they're scummy for using them
as a publicity stunt and reminds everyone
that she was there the night of the fire and
knows the rumor of the band saving anyone
is a lie, which causes her to argue with a
classmate that is a big fan of them.
Class ends before it can escalate, and Needy
leaves with Jennifer, who is looking very
sick.
When Needy comments on it, Jennifer says "it"
is wearing off.
They're suddenly approached by Colin, who
asks Jennifer out, but she turns him down.
When Needy says she thinks he's cool, however,
Jennifer changes her mind and tells Colin
to come by her place later.
In the evening, Needy goes to Chip's to spend
the night making love.
Meanwhile, Colin is driving to the address
Jennifer texted him, and is rather confused
when he arrives at an abandoned house that
he must enter through a window.
Following the sound of music playing, he finds
a room filled with burning candles and Jennifer
waiting for him there.
He quickly guesses this is not her actual
house and Jennifer distracts him with kisses,
but when her eyes change colors, he steps
back.
Jennifer grabs him and says she needs him
to be scared, so she breaks his wrists and
throws him on the floor so she can start feeding
on him.
Back to Needy, she starts having hallucinations
while still being intimate with Chip: blood
appears to be leaking from the roof, and a
wounded Jonas and a demonic-looking Jennifer
appear sitting nearby.
At first, Chip thinks her groans are from
pleasure, but soon he catches on to the fact
she's truly upset and stops touching her to
comfort her.
Needy is too disturbed to continue, so she
gets dressed and leaves in her car.
In the middle of the road, she almost crashes
against Jennifer, who is covered in blood
again and is now jumping on Needy's car window,
but she falls off when Needy drives back at
high speed.
Needy returns to her house and falls asleep
on the couch, crying and dreaming of Jennifer.
She wakes up a few moments later and moves
to her room, and as she gets in the bed, she
discovers Jennifer is waiting there for her
with no blood in sight and wearing only panties
and one of Needy's t-shirts.
Jennifer starts kissing her and after some
initial hesitation, Needy kisses her back,
only snapping out of it when Jennifer starts
touching her as well.
Needy is freaking out because of what she
saw earlier, so Jennifer finally tells her
the full story of what's going on.
The night of the fire, Low Shoulder took Jennifer
to the waterfall and tie her to the ground
to sacrifice her to a demon in exchange for
fame and success.
The guys stabbed her while singing "Jenny"
to her, then they threw the knife in the waterfall.
For some reason she didn't die, she just woke
up, not remembering anything, and found her
way to Needy.
She wasn't able to hurt her because Needy
is her friend, so after leaving her house,
she took the road and came across Ahmet, who
escaped the fire but nobody knew he was alive.
So she took him into the woods with her and
fed on him.
Now Jennifer knows that whenever she's full
she's unkillable, and she demonstrates this
to Needy by cutting her arm and letting the
wound instantly heal itself.
Disturbed, Needy asks Jennifer to leave, which
she does by jumping out of the window without
getting hurt.
Needy assists Colin's funeral a few days later,
where his emo friends and his mother argue
through their grief.
Colin gets a memorial at school, and students
are given classes about the buddy system and
dealing with grief, but nobody seems to care
anymore, they've moved on.
Needy hasn't, so she starts doing some research
at the paranormal section of the school library
while avoiding Jennifer.
She discovers her friend is now possessed
by a succubus, a demon that must feed on flesh,
because the ritual had gone wrong thanks to
Jennifer not actually being a virgin.
The only way to destroy her would be a blade
to the heart while she's weak.
When Chip comes to her to talk about the incoming
dance, Needy warns him not to go and tries
to tell him Jennifer is evil now, but he doesn't
believe her.
Needy says she'll go to the dance but not
with him because it's not safe for them to
be together now.
When the night of the dance finally comes,
everybody is getting ready for it.
Chip is given a bottle of pepper spray by
his mom, who is worried about his safety after
what happened to Jonas and Colin; and Jennifer
tries to hide how sick she looks with make-up.
While Needy searches for her friend at the
dance and endures Low Shoulder's performance,
Jennifer approaches Chip at the park and tells
him Needy has been cheating on him with Colin.
She starts making out with him, and soon he's
asking her to take this somewhere else, so
Jennifer takes him to an abandoned pool house.
Chip isn't capable to kiss her anymore because
it's beginning to feel weird, so Jennifer
throws him in the pool to start shaking him
around.
Meanwhile, Needy feels something on her lips
and realizes Jennifer's got Chip.
She goes to his house and his mother tells
her he took the park shortcut to go to the
dance, Needy goes down that way and finds
the corsage he bought her on the ground.
When Chip cries out for help, Needy follows
the sound of his voice and enters the pool
house, only to find Jennifer has already started
to feed on him.
Needy jumps into the pool, causing Jennifer
to get away from Chip, who gives Needy his
pepper spray.
When Jennifer comes closer again, she sprays
her eyes, which makes her throw up on them
before levitating out of the pool.
Chip and Needy get out of the pool as well,
and Needy tells Jennifer she's always been
a bad friend and insults her in various ways.
Jennifer intends to attack her for this, but
as she comes closer, Chip impales her with
a pool skimmer.
It's not enough to kill her though, so she
just leaves through the window while Chip
dies in Needy's arms.
A few moments later, Needy is back in her
house, thinking about what happened and deciding
on a plan.
After changing into clean, dark clothes, she
goes to see Jennifer, who is at her house
going through the school yearbook to choose
new victims while looking sick because she
couldn't feed.
Needy breaks in by smashing a window and attacks
her with a precision knife, but Jennifer has
enough strength to fight back and even levitate
a bit.
She bites Needy on the arm before she cuts
a cross on her stomach, and after some struggling
in the air, Needy tears off Jennifer's matching
friend necklace, causing her to let go of
her and fall on the bed.
Needy lands on top of her and stabs her in
the heart, effectively killing her, but she's
caught in the act by Jennifer's mother.
Back in the present, Needy tells us that if
you are bitten by a demon and survive, you
gain some of its abilities.
Needy can levitate now, so she uses that power
to escape solitary confinement through the
window, then uses super strength to simply
walk through the grilles outside.
She makes her way to a road next to a river,
where she finds Nikolai's knife and the objects
scientists have thrown into the waterfall.
As the sun rises, she manages to hitchhike
a ride to Madison, where Low Shoulder is staying
in a fancy hotel.
The band is living the best life now with
fans, money, and drugs; that is, until Needy
finds them and murders them all.
Make sure to Subscribe and Turn on notifications
so you can watch more videos like this.
Thanks for watching.